todo.md, before:


### Enhancements
- Splash screen
- Only show items after they're done loading/preparing
- make buttons bounce when they're clicked
- show a symbol to indicate you can scroll down
- add a member list and a quick description of what TLS is
- would be cool to fade out the lens flares when the mouse 
hovers over them
- fix download link for Cucumber Slumber on pouet
- fix TLS website url on Pouet

### Cleanup
- remove unused styles
- clarify/cleanup style naming
- cleanup use of viewport units vs percentage, make consistent
- add box-sizing border-box to all elements globally
- cleanup use of flex vs flexbox ('flex' is apparently the latest standard)
- use 'undefined' instead of 'null' in teh contents
- split 'options' from 'content'
- turn off user-events and pointer-events globally, only enable on the actions
- change all screenshots to jpegs
- Utils.subtractRange is no longer in use

### Bugs
- The first/last element does not cover the header correctly
- IOS: Scroll to end or beginning and keep flicking. Eventually the scrolling will stop working. You can get it going again by just tapping somewhere on the screen.


### Done
- DONE: - fix favicon
- DONE: rename 'config' to 'options' everywhere
- DONE: find a more stylish font
- DONE: github icon is blurry. Seems to only be a problem on Safari OSX.
- DONE: the text is blurry when scaled up. Must fix
- DONE: cleanup use of 'item' vs 'section'
- DONE: Re-enable opacity animation and figure out a workaround for IOS (it bounces like crazy when you reach the begin/end)
- DONE: IOS: The window.height or carousel.clientHeight gives weird different values on chrome desktop, safari desktop and IOS so the scrollable area gets the wrong size. Verify by scrolling to the end of the page. This might be related to the use of viewport units vs percentage (the former includes scrollbars and the like).
- DONE: Autoscale background image so that it always fills the items 
- DONE: rename 'item' to section everywhere

Commit message:

change some pngs to jpegs to save size

todo.md, after:


### Enhancements
- show a symbol to indicate you can scroll down
- add a member list and a quick description of what TLS is
- would be cool to fade out the lens flares when the mouse 
hovers over them
- fix download link for Cucumber Slumber on pouet
- save position in URL so navigating back works properly
- the loading bar should animate, not just bounce
- add contact/email button and github/source button (at the bottom?)

### Cleanup
- remove unused styles
- clarify/cleanup style naming
- cleanup use of viewport units vs percentage, make consistent
- add box-sizing border-box to all elements globally
- cleanup use of flex vs flexbox ('flex' is apparently the latest standard)
- use 'undefined' instead of 'null' in teh contents
- split 'options' from 'content'
- turn off user-events and pointer-events globally, only enable on the actions
- Utils.subtractRange is no longer in use
- fade out header as you scroll instead of just cover

### Bugs
- The first/last element does not cover the header correctly
- IOS: Scroll to end or beginning and keep flicking. Eventually the scrolling will stop working. You can get it going again by just tapping somewhere on the screen.
- option-click on links don't work. Should fix that.
- the 'goodbye' screen makes the site useless if you say yes to 'open in youtube' on iphone

### Done
- DONE: change all screenshots to jpegs
- DONE: fix TLS website url on Pouet
- DONE: Splash screen
- DONE: Only show items after they're done loading/preparing
- DONE: make buttons bounce when they're clicked
- DONE: fix favicon
- DONE: rename 'config' to 'options' everywhere
- DONE: find a more stylish font
- DONE: github icon is blurry. Seems to only be a problem on Safari OSX.
- DONE: the text is blurry when scaled up. Must fix
- DONE: cleanup use of 'item' vs 'section'
- DONE: Re-enable opacity animation and figure out a workaround for IOS (it bounces like crazy when you reach the begin/end)
- DONE: IOS: The window.height or carousel.clientHeight gives weird different values on chrome desktop, safari desktop and IOS so the scrollable area gets the wrong size. Verify by scrolling to the end of the page. This might be related to the use of viewport units vs percentage (the former includes scrollbars and the like).
- DONE: Autoscale background image so that it always fills the items 
- DONE: rename 'item' to section everywhere
